[Music]
But ok man I'm going to watch a video that isn't
exactly gossip but I really
wanted to see it man I mean ever since I saw the
other day Shokas' intervention in
Ibai's thing I said what a [ __ ] pipedream It's what
this guy did in his house of course
now we understand The Move of Why did it
take so long I mean it's a [ __ ]
pipedream I've seen three pieces I've seen
three pieces on Twitter man and I want to
buy this house I mean you have to
get to a point where
one day I can buy an apartment good maybe this one it
could be this one with a renovation okay it
could be this house with a renovation eh
we have to get to a point where I
can afford this I mean what the [ __ ]
crazy is this that's a lie you can
join the group Without making an investment
don't talk nonsense the bald guy pl I didn't insult
people for being bald I didn't insult
people for being bald
okay crazy man look at this eh
welcome I mean it's literally the
Big Brother house obviously of course
having a family not having a family
This is not a plan okay I mean this is it now eh  I
mean, Big Brother, literally, Big
Brother, literally, Big
Brother, we've been waiting for a long time, I
know we've had a lot of hype
over time, I know that there were even
people who believed that this was a lie and I understand, I
understand because this has
taken a long time to get to this point
but I can promise you and
I promise that it has been worth it because what you're
going to see here is not just
any house it's the house of a [ __ ]
God, let's go see it, let's go see it,
welcome we've been
waiting for a long time I know what we have is the house of a
[ __ ] God That's nice guy who cleans
this dude God dude he has the spotlights that I
have not the cat's ones eh on the ceiling, I
mean, apart from the apart from the spotlights
that normal houses have, the spotlights that
houses usually have, not these ones
that are built in, not in
a false ceiling, dude he has the
cat's spotlights to focus on him, it makes no [ __ ]
sense
bro God That's nice guy That's nice guy I
mean, it has the screen but it's not like
the screen is here that you can
turn it for when you're on the couch No, it's not like
the screen has  here A lane
where you can
[Music]
move This is my humble abode this in
fact I'm going to tell you that this used to
be two bedrooms and a
tiny living room that was just like this
piece but we've turned it into a
super
spacious living room Because this is where I want to not only spend my entire day to day in a larger place where all the streamers can breathe reacting to the intimacy of jokas but defending themselves with gossip is magic a kiss batr Thank you very much queen where I can look out the window where I
can have more light and not the
mousetrap I was in but because
Also from here from Claro but I
understand that he's never going to open the
blinds then so that you can't see
where it is or he doesn't care anymore because
this objective was already leaked in 2024 we're going to
make history and I want this
objective to see all of this and not the little corner it
was in but to see
absolutely everything and this is a bit of the
beginning I don't know if you notice that there's
a lot of lighting there's a lot of lighting
because this is going to be a house and a set
at the same time why  Because on the one
hand we're going to have this which is the whole
normal streaming system which
is the double PC that Nate set up for me I
have here I have some temporary headphones here
that I don't know if they'll be the ones I'll
use or not
[Music]
Because The headphones that characterize him We haven't
made history but it's time to
fly maybe we'll see each other again in another
life thank you my blackbird full of [ __ ]
that they are they're busted your God And that I
changed them every so often every 8
months 10 months I changed them man of course I'm
not going to change every month and and Well here you
can already see intuit that there's a
microphone here shaped like a huge
barracuda it will pick me up when I'm here
recording normally and then we'll have another
thing which is this these three are three
belt packs three devices with which to
record throughout the house for when
I'm alone or when I'm with
company this doesn't make sense
dude I mean this is so you have a
team not like Big Brother I mean so you
have a team of
producers there changing cameras
watching the audio changing the sound
no I mean this is literally a [ __ ]
crazy thing in which I have cl that here you have to
have a hired team
you are going to be your tory with the mobile in your
hand changing cameras sounds I don't know what, I mean it
's too much no eh connection to the
computer from anywhere in the
building, I mean I can move
wherever I want and you are going to be
listening to me and I am going to have the whole I will make a
special video just showing you the whole
Setup thing because the Setup is a
move
if you notice there is a lot of luminosity and the luminosity means that I want to have ambient light ambient light so that there is a good recording level and why it wants a good recording level because as you can see there is a camera but there is another one that camera that is here in the
background is a camera that is going to rotate
around here depending on what I do
for example if I put the camera here
right in this place and I focus on the sofa
then you are going to be able to see me while I
can play on the television, that is to say
when I point the television towards the
sofa I will be able to be playing and I will be
able to record myself and also the
television will be able to rotate  because if you
notice this is a background of a computer
which is my production computer where I
can see myself If I change
this same camera that I just
told you about and put it here to record if you
can focus it from here it will be the
cooking show that I will put together from
this spectacular kitchen that
we have set up crazy
man crazy this is
tremendous smoke heo crazy man count
up there there is also a camera and if you
notice everything the whole ceiling are
lights ambient lights with which you
can see uh everything that happens and let's
say that your face is left with the
perfect luminosity with which to be able to
do professional recordings no
and this will be the place where we will have the
camera done [ __ ] crazy man
front camera diagonal camera and in addition to all
that from the computer I
can always Whenever I want with a key and
pressing it here see live what I record
boom and I send it to the television and there you
are seeing everything that I am
doing live so I can
do and record at the same time everything
that I do do you understand What madness man
But that  you go crazy eh totally
Yoli This goes here things are going to happen here there's
going to be a day when a microphone is going to be left
open and you go to the bathroom Look,
Yoli says, she's going to the bathroom and you're going to hear her
[ __ ] no no here this is going to happen and
apart from that you're going to leave audios you're going to
leave or rather it's very complicated to keep your
head in all the functioning of
everything while you're creating content
this is the host and there you can see the
Setup and you can see everything at the same
time this is it's amazing I have it
here prepared because this is going to give me
a lot of dynamism in the streams to
do cool things and to
be able to show you things from the house too and this is a bit of what the living room will be like which is let's say the entrance of the house but of course there are more things I will have some place to sleep Some place to be Some place to train copium These are all and simply closets in which I have
stored a lot of
technology things blankets things so I'm
starting to fill it and here is the
first Valley How nice guy eh What is it
called with a double faucet so that
two people can be At the same time  how nice
How nice man the bathroom I understand there are
no cameras no [ __ ] Oh how nice
dude How
nice How nice a big bed and not
the mousetrap I live in you can come around
here because that way you can see that How
cool dude the huge wardrobe I dismantled
it through but only How cool
How cool Watch the TV coming out of there I
understand the bathroom doesn't have cameras I don't
understand Live 24 let's see I think
Live 24 hours If you can do what
happens cami a kiss YouTube doesn't
allow you 24 hours As I think every 24
hours you have to cut I don't know if it's 24
or how many but I think 24 is the maximum no How
nice dude How nice this is I understand
that it's another room not to invite
people no How nice How nice very nice
very nice wow wow set up and what's up
Hey this has turned out really nice By
the way eh it has turned out very nice very
jungle-like and here we are already in the little apartment
upstairs this is all made of glass
super nice so that it would be
brighter how nice How nice Nothing well
here we have  a a small a small
kitchen let's say because like we often
have barbecues and things outside so we can
have some chips or whatever
something small and such to wash a
dish or whatever a small
Star room that also has a TV hanging
like the one in the
room that I showed you before well there's
another TV there in case one day I feel like
sitting there that comes out of the ceiling you know or
another cloth there in case
one day I feel like sitting there a such a one
but I can't take it down because my
battery ran out in m and I don't have batteries
here at home man sadly I
can't but anyway it's basically the same
to use here and this same TV
can be rotated and pointed towards the terrace
So from the terrace we can be
with friends and such watching a
Champions League match or watching a Grand
Prix or something some cool event well we
can watch it from the terrace
having a drink having a beer and watch it
from the terrace with all this open
that I'll show you now in in two
minutes and then you can rotate it which is it's
nonsense dude Look gym dude
gym and training project
that  I'm going to have throughout this
next year and I hope my whole life
without meaning man, meaningless is the
dream house eh Look man in Madrid
Look man, it's the dream house of
anyone Eh well of any
youtuber of course I mean it's not a house to
live in with your
family for so long and we've
achieved it how much we've had to do
and how many years we've had to work
to be able to fulfill this dream the truth
of all the dreams that we had when we
started and in the end Well, we've
achieved them guys and here we are wow here we are
guys spectacular the truth is very very
very beautiful it would look better on a
sunny day the first day I came to this
apartment it was so sunny that you're going to flip out because it
was at the end of last summer the
first time I saw it and wow when I saw
this I fell in love Because you can see all of Madrid
man it's the best and I would have liked
not to record a canceled day but of course
we're in January mate it is what it is I
mean how beautiful man How
beautiful very beautiful very beautiful let's go it doesn't
make sense eh Let's see it's a house for
for the chocas I mean there you go  go
shas completely crazy and he's going to
completely lose all the No man people will go
to the house And such But of course I don't
understand I mean it's going to be like some kind
of Big Brother 24 hours it's
always going to be streaming I mean what is he going to
do why does he want to do that I mean
But why does he want to do that I don't
understand Why why do that I mean he
could have made a super
pretty house just as super pretty But eh you
set up your setup you also prepare
half the setup for when the
cooking show is on I don't understand I understand the whole
recording area I hope recac
corrects his mistake and decides to give
such a cool apartment to grandma let's see what
gref is going to do now he's going to reconsider
but now that he's exposed he's
had to I mean During the three years of
trial he hasn't given a [ __ ] But
now it's going to be there it's going to be
okay But well incredible incredible very
nice it's not a house let's see I think it will
end I think that shas will end up
buying another apartment to live in I mean that ca
n't be your permanent home by
life because if one day you feel like
having a partner or children suddenly your
partner changes the
sofa cover, she feels like it, I don't know, Baz is going on a
trip, you put a picture on the decoration, I don't know, flower
pots, it's a house that is already there to
never touch it in life, of course, in use it
's a bit strange, a kiss, Thank you very much,
paa, Thank you very much.
[Music]